# Meeting Agenda
Group: OOPP-WITH-THE-BOIS

Date: 2021-10-01

Chair: Jonathan

Participants: Martin, Jonathan, Jacob, Mathias

## Objectives 
* Create more user stories and check that the already existing stories make sense
* Come up with a name for the game

## Reports 
No reports.

## Discussion items 
1. Who should resolve discussion items and when?
1. When reviewing, should we use “comment” or only “approve”/”request changes”?
1. Have a look at Colony Shared Inventory User Story. Description seems to be a bit off.
1. Rename resource? As we might want to use the word “resource” for something else in the reports.
1. Decide on a name for the game.
1. Add more definitions, abbreviations and acronyms?
1. Flowchart for SDD?
 
## Outcomes and assignments 
1. Discussion items should be closed by the one that created the pull request. Questions can be only resolved when the one that is asked responds with :+1:. 
1. Only use approve and request changes.
1. The description is wrong, the team corrected it.
1. Keep resources in the game, and resources for the game to game assets.
1. Pawntastic.
1. Nothing to add for the moment.
1. Flowchart can be used for the most toplevel, then we also need to sequence-diagram later on.

## Wrap up
* Setup a basic readme for project installation.
* Next meeting on Tuesday 09:00
